Update oauth-with-online-and-on-premises.md (#2355)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbServer/deploy/integrate-with-exchange-server/oauth-with-online-and-on-premises.md

- For information about keyboard shortcuts that may apply to the procedures in this topic, see [Keyboard shortcuts in the Exchange admin center]( https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=746512).

> - For Information on compatibility, see [Skype for Business compatibility with Office apps](Skype/SfbServer/plan-your-deployment/clients-and-devices/compatibility-with-office.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For information about compatibility, see [Skype for Business compatibility with Office apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/skypeforbusiness/plan-your-deployment/clients-and-devices/compatibility-with-office).
```

> - For information about compatibility, see [Skype for Business compatibility with Office apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/skypeforbusiness/plan-your-deployment/clients-and-devices/compatibility-with-office).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For information about compatibility, see [Skype for Business compatibility with Office apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/plan-your-deployment/clients-and-devices/compatibility-with-office).
```
